the sun the star on which life depends
on earth in the religions of all nations of the world
the fiery luminary occupied the main place
radiant god Helios of the ancient Greeks
Dazhbog her rila among the ancient Slavs
Bukhara was considered the first ruler of Egypt
and Pharaoh and his lieutenants on earth
the sun was considered the breadwinner and
patron of the people
there are several thousand people in the world today
claim to feed on radiant energy
the sun or the cosmic energy of life
prana here if a person is often
practicing he can discover in himself
ability itself means ability
clairvoyance any person absolutely
any because we have the potential
it just needs to be developed and applied
specific correct practice for this
need to meditate there and listen
mantras well i mean different people do it
in its own way exists officially
fixed and and evidence for example
in an Indian hospital was examined and
Yogi Prahlad Jani He stated that he did not
takes food and water for more
sixty five years according to him
vital energy he gets from the air
and sunlight staff indian
Defense Institute of Physiology
confirmed the ability of yoga by conducting a number
experiments proved the body is the sun and
having rebuilt
new opportunities are opening man
gets energy at the atomic level
sun unit mid sure next round
development of human civilization is
transition to new ways of feeding
when we look at the sun happens
let's say let's give a rough example
example battery and looked into the outlet
he has been running for a while
he was charged again for taking care of him
there is a very long time working the same with
our body happens we also
charged with electricity is about the sun
ours is this electrical or spiritual
topics as I saw call
in the past amide was a member of the company
called golden youth
expensive cars club life drugs
when he found out that he was incurable
a disease yes I understand well this is my moment
Generally your big very coup
started in dreams came talked on
his vision went all sorts of different went
great remorse that is i became
be aware that your activity I
what he did with his actions how big
time and no quit work and left for
Altai being in the mountains in the process
meditating he got a strange message
voice said raise his eyes
I looked at the sun, I understood that I was
lead that he will find the scene of communication I
full of herself given in hand
spiritual parents spiritually parents have
we all have if we don’t see them
that they are not there they are constantly all
they work with us on us
childhood sun helped amide not only
start a new life but be cured of
deadly disease according to amide
people like him the sun sends
information about what is coming
the transition of mankind will go into
energy form of existence
the transition will be
it was before it will be with us now
were the golden age of silver and bronze
iron
now on its end iron
century and we we have to go go to
the golden age we still see whether the pen
have we have will start a new round and
we have to get up well what are the wheels
Samsara website and climb a new round
for this for this we are going now
above this knowledge
scientists do not deny the transition to a new
level for human civilization
inevitable
we are waiting for global man-made
and environmental disasters modern
devices are so complicated
that potentially have power
comparable forces of natural elements and
ordinary accident can turn out
environmental disaster planetary
scale there is a theory that highly developed
civilizations are man-made they get sick and
horse then die from such
disasters that do not generate themselves
Vernadsky expressed the idea that
humanity taken as a whole becomes
powerful geological force
this power is the mind of man
aspired and organized will of his
as being public today
it is considered that but the sphere is collective
consciousness that will control
direction of the future evolution of the planet and
merge with the universe
forming a holistic but organism if
earlier technology mostly and technology
have worked on changing someone
around the building
city ​​cars all this change
environment around the person for the first time
the opportunity to start some
actions already on changing biology itself
man himself to seek inner peace
and then these moments seem very
important and having a whopping
last consequences for the future and
human and humanity and civilization
of our social networks
technological progress does not stand on
the place has already become a reality
artificial cells managed prostheses
limbs and even made the first steps to
creating an electronic device in
which can be transplanted
person dying person by
Some say so presentation
we can say that, in principle, figured out
what is life a product is that we are not
we know where she came from now
quite well imagine how
it works and it works
Of course in this area we are waiting for the most
incredible achievements can be said
discoveries and on the result